hello friends this is my second
kalibrgun cricket' modification
adjustment in tuning video part 2 in the
first video I show you what I modified
and adjust to make the rifle to shoot
better this is my opinion and I don't
say you have to do this I am just
sharing what I did I purchased more
magazines from clipper gun they missed
one so for about two months I have
written them many emails and made phone
calls until finally they send me the
missing one that I paid the magazine
holders are not holding well the
magazines they were there was dropping
down when you open them that's why I
tightened down with electrical tape and
part of rubber band it's a cheap
solution but it's working very well
pushing detent magazine stock pin and
polishing the spring polishing the shaft
magazine pilot
a tightening the regulating bolt these
are the GSB pulley max I don't like this
pellets at all
I prefer the GSB exact heavy they're
better ballistically and accuracy
the striker Springs this is the striker
with the ugly oil on it I take it out I
polish the striker and also I put
silicon oil and now it's much better
polishing the spring hammer also
creating this pin for the spring hammer
because the spring was twisting under
the pressure
so this pin is not allowing for the
spring to be twisted and I made it from
one bolt you can see the pictures
again cheap solution but very effective
okay next one is the pinger the pinger
is not allowing for this sound of the
ping in the cylinder to be so annoying
and the finger should be very tight
inside of the cylinder so I find
solution from the medicine this is box
for medicine pills and I bought it I
trow the pills out and I use the box so
it's working well these are the screw
countersunk and oring i just add a
little bit to charge with air a little
bit faster from there cleaning the
channel polishing the polishing little
bit the beginning of the cylinder
because was cutting the o-rings
adjusting the position of the manometer
creating filling probe holder and fast
connector
adjusting the spring of devolve
I just did a retainer of the firing
valve and scaling it polishing the
needle the next is the regulator
polishing piston and Springs spring
washers of the regulator finding the
appropriate working pressure for the
regulator for me it was 95 par this is
after I adjust the springs and also the
firing firing valve
next is the regulator
this is the pre chamber spacer and
because he's from thick aluminum I drill
it just to win more space it's a just a
little bit but is something you can see
the washers how dirty they was there was
with thick grease and I take it out I
clean it up and I put a very very tiny
silicon oil I polish everything polished
once and again and again until I had
this results
you
with this bolt I take the regulator out
some some time the regulator is really
stuck in the cylinder so you need this
tool to take it out four millimeter
adapter of gauge for measuring the
pressure after the regulator this is
important to see in what kind of
pressure the regulator is working that
was second part of this series do not
forget to subscribe because new videos
are coming
you